Updated Template Baseline (#2077)
adap/flower: baselines/baseline_template/EXTENDED_README.md

> :warning: Make sure the variable `name` in `pyproject.toml` is set to the name of the sub-directory containing all your code.

5. Add your dependencies to the `pyproject.toml` (see below a few examples on how to do it). Read more about Poetry below in this `EXTENDED_README.md`.

> 6. You regularly check that your coding style and the documentation you add follows standard practices. We have added a script that would help you achieve this. You can executed as follows:
>     ```bash
>     # after activating your environment and from your baseline's directory
>     cd .. # to go to the top-level directory of all baselines
>     ./dev/format-baseline.sh <baseline-name>
>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Regularly check that your coding style and the documentation you add follow good coding practices. To test whether your code meets the requirements please run:
    ```bash
    # After activating your environment and from your baseline's directory
    cd .. # to go to the top-level directory of all baselines
    ./dev/test-baseline.sh <baseline-name>
     ./dev/test-baseline-structure.sh <baseline-name>
    ```
Both `test-baseline.sh` and `test-baseline-structure.sh` will also be automatically when you create a PR.
To automatically solve some formatting and easy fixes, please run the formatting script:
    ```bash
    # After activating your environment and from your baseline's directory
    cd .. # to go to the top-level directory of all baselines
    ./dev/format-baseline.sh <baseline-name>
    ```
```
